Apollo.io
We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience, personalize advertisements, and analyze web traffic. For these reasons, we may share your site usage data with our advertising and analytics partners. By clicking “Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our Cookie Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “Preferences.”
Preferences
Accept
Turn On Accessible Colors Mode
Rank Math SEO Plugin 
3 Million+
Happy Users
SEO PluginContent AIPricingSEO Plugin PricingContent AI PricingToolsMeta Tag AnalyzerSEO AnalyzerRobots.txt TesterHelpSupportMy AccountDownload
SEO Analyzer
Perform in-depth SEO Analysis of your website.
See if your pages are optimized and get actionable data if they aren't.

http://www.elpdata.com
Analyze
The benefits you'll get with SEO Analyzer
Free SEO Report
Get a detailed report on your website. See what you have done correctly and where your pages are lacking.

Find SEO Issues
Easily find SEO related issues on your website and get actionable data to fix them before they become a problem.

Fix Issues for FREE
Overhaul your website and get rid of all SEO issues. Ensure your website's SEO issues are fixed with the free SEO audit.

Your FREE SEO audit report is ready!
You can download the PDF and start making changes. Or, share it with your SEO so they can work on the report.

 Share
 
 Share
 
 Email
  Print
Install Rank Math SEO plugin to get more advanced reports inside WordPress
65
65/100
SEO Score
19/26
Passed Tests
1/26
Warnings
6/26
Failed Tests
Basic SEO
Common Keywords ?A list of keywords that appear frequently in the text of your content.	
No common keywords found
SEO Description ?SEO analysis of your page's meta-description.	
How to fixThe meta description is 196 characters long. Most search engines truncate descriptions longer than 160 characters. Access verified technology user lists and enterprise data across 1000+ technologies. Connect with decision-makers, target specific implementations, and accelerate B2B sales with 96% accurate data.
H1 Heading ?SEO Analysis of the H1 Tags on your page.	
How to fixNo H1 tag was found. For the best SEO results there should be exactly one H1 tag on each page.
H2 Headings ?SEO analysis of the H2 headings on your page.	
How to fixNo H2 tag was found on the page.
Image ALT Attributes ?SEO analysis of the "alt" attribute for image tags.	
No images found on the page
Keywords in Title & Description ?SEO analysis of the HTML page's Title and meta description content.	
How to fixNo common keywords found in the page title and the description.
Links Ratio ?SEO analysis of the ratio of internal links to external links.	
How to fixThere are one or more issues with the number of links on this page:
No internal links found.
internal: 0
external: 0
SEO Title ?SEO analysis of the HTML title of the page.	
The page title has 67 characters, which is good.
ELP Data - Premium Technology Data & Business Intelligence Platform
Create a responsive site ?Our analysis of the use of CSS media queries in your content.	
The CSS code contains media queries.
Media query found in https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.4.0/css/all.min.css.
Homepage Is Reachable ?Tests if your homepage is reachable by making an HTTP request.	
Homepage is reachable
Advanced SEO
Search Preview	
Here is how the site may appear in search results:
ELP Data - Premium Technology Data & Business Intelligence Platform
https://elpdata.com
Access verified technology user lists and enterprise data across 1000+ technologies. Connect with decision-makers, target specific implementations, and accelerate B2B sales with 96% accurate data.
Canonical Tag ?Does the content have a "canonical" URL?	
The page is using the canonical link tag.
https://elpdata.com
Noindex Meta ?Does the content contain a noindex robots meta tag?	
The page contains the index meta tag or header.
Mobile Search Preview	
Here is how the site may appear in search results on a mobile device:
ELP Data - Premium Technology Data & Business Intelligence Platform
https://elpdata.com
Access verified technology user lists and enterprise data across 1000+ technologies. Connect with decision-makers, target specific implementations, and accelerate B2B sales with 96% accurate data.
Mobile Snapshot ?A snapshot of how your content appears on a mobile device.	

WWW Canonicalization ?Does the site appear on more than one URL?	
How to fixThe www and non-www versions of the URL are not redirected to the same site.
OpenGraph Meta ?Does your site use OpenGraph meta tags?	
Opengraph meta tags have been found.
Schema Meta Data ?Does the content include relevant Schema.org metadata?	
Schema.org data has been found on the page.
Sitemaps ?Does the site use an XML sitemap?	
The site has one or more sitemaps.
Robots.txt ?Does your site have a valid robots.txt file	
The site has a robots.txt file which includes one or more Disallow: directives. Make sure that you only block parts you don't want to be indexed.
Keep your content fresh ?Checks for recent content updates using available signals (XML sitemap, og:updated_time, or Last-Modified header).	
The content is fresh. Last updated on 2025-06-23 (1 days ago) via XML Sitemap.
Performance
Install WP Rocket to get the Performance Boost
Page Size ?An analysis of the size of your HTML file.	
The size of the HTML document is less than 1 Kb, so it is under the average HTML size of 33 Kb.
Response Time ?How fast does your server respond to requests?	
The response time is under 0.8 seconds which is great.
Image Headers Expire ?Do your images use "expires" headers?	
No local images found on the page
Minify CSS ?Are your CSS files properly minified?	
All CSS files appear to be minified.
Page Objects ?Analysis of the embedded objects in the pages.	
The page makes 5 requests.
total: 5
images: 0
javascript: 2
stylesheets: 3
Minify Javascript ?Does the site use minified JavaScript?	
How to fixSome Javascript files don't seem to be minified.
https://replit.com/public/js/replit-dev-banner.js
http://www.elpdata.com/assets/index-DMqfJBTM.js
Security
Theme Visibility ?Theme Visibility	
The theme is not publicly visible, so it is not easily identifiable.
Visible Plugins ?Visible Plugins	
Hurray! None of the plugins are publicly visible.
Directory Listing ?Does your web server list the contents of the directories?	
Directory Listing seems to be disabled on the server.
Secure Connection ?Is your content served over a secure connection?	
The site is using a secure transfer protocol (https).
Install Rank Math SEO plugin to get more advanced reports inside WordPress
 Share
 
 Share
 
 Email
  Print
try our
Rank Math SEO Suite
Take full control of your entire website SEO with the help of our elite Rank Math SEO Suite and watch your rankings climb to the top.

Rank Math SEO SuiteDownload Rank Math Suite
Recommended
Reviews
Changelog
Yoast Vs Rank Math
Google Indexing API
Google Core Updates
Important
How to Setup Rank Math
Score 100/100 In Rank Math
Rank Math General Settings
'Titles and Meta' Settings
Powerful Site Analytics
Company
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
We are hiring!
Blog
Our Brands
one.com
WP Rocket
Imagify
RocketCDN
Termly
Useful
SEO Analyzer
Compatible Products
Affiliate Program
Free vs. PRO
Compare Alternatives
 
 
 
Terms of Service | Cookie Policy | Plugin Usage Policy
© Rank Math 2018-2025. Made with love using WordPress.
🇺🇸 English